Hey, Miss, look at me, I'm all hurt
Why don't you ask the town butler to take us back?
Hey, small town butler
Town Butler
That Rolls Royce you can drive with the big lady
Send me a response?
No way.
I'm going to the university to do something now
Is that a coincidence?
It just so happens that we haven't eaten yet
Why don't you eat at your house?
What about a random meal at the eldest lady's house?
That must be a Manchu feast.
Is it the house of the eldest lady?
It's a big villa with a garden.
Ouch, I really want to see it
This is my dream
Just now you had the Queen's Silent Night
Now they don't let us go to the night view.
What are you hiding?
I didn't just go to my house for dinner? Let's go
If you love me, help me again
Is it too risky to go directly to Ye's house now?
Aren't you the housekeeper of the Ye family?
Promise
Well, luckily.
What I'm going to now is empty for a long time. Tangcheng Yipin
So you have no one to live with for the time being?
Then I'll help you one last time.
God is malicious
Give me the key hurry up
Give me the right one.
Someone will come to serve you later
Can you watch it for me?
And don't touch the contents.
Stop the ink and walk
Hello daddy girl
You are in Tangcheng Yipin
I'm taking a break here
I asked Zheng Hao to make an appointment with someone from the photo studio
They'll send family photos to your door later
Remember to sign for it. Okay.
What's up?
Ah it's alright dad
You are stuck here